Now, let's look at a few annotations from JUnit suite.
I don't know what versions of JUnit you have downloaded.
This applies to JUnit 5,
since that's the latest.
I would use or at least experiment with runways.
This is one of the annotations that will help us identify the parent of the suite,
and the second would be select classes.
As you may have guessed from the name that what this does is,
it just helps you identify all the classes that you would put under that suite.
For example here, I mean,
you would move this into a different class and you would do that.
But I want to you to take a look at this and try to do this by
yourself so that you can get familiar with this.
So this is how it's going to look.
So you add all the classes,
the test classes that fall under this suite.